update: ClickHouse data source integration (#714)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/clickhouse/howto/data-service-integration.md

## Prerequisites

- You are familiar with the limitations listed in
  [About Aiven for ClickHouse® data service integration](/docs/products/clickhouse/concepts/data-integration-overview#supported-data-source-types).
- You have an organization, a project, and an Aiven for ClickHouse service in Aiven.
- You have access to the [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io/).

## Create Apache Kafka integrations

:::tip
Learn about [managed databases integrations](/docs/products/clickhouse/concepts/data-integration-overview#managed-databases-integration).
:::

Make Apache Kafka data available in Aiven for ClickHouse using the Kafka engine:

1. Log in to the [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io/), and go to an organization
   and a project.
1. From <ConsoleLabel name="services"/>, select an Aiven for ClickHouse service to integrate
   with a data source.
1. On the service's <ConsoleLabel name="overview"/> page, click
   <ConsoleLabel name="integrations"/> in the sidebar.
1. On the **Integrations** page, go to the **Data sources** section and click

>    **Apache Kafka Databases**.

Reviewer: I understand that this comes from the Console UI, but "Apache Kafka Databases" might be potentially misleading since Kafka is not a database. A clearer alternative could be "Apache Kafka Data Sources" or "Apache Kafka Streams", which better reflect Kafka’s role in streaming data.

Author: Indeed, this is a technical term used in the console. This term refers to the type of ClickHouse integration, and the database concept here reflects an entity created in ClickHouse to make data coming from Kafka available.

Author: @harshini-rangaswamy , I've updated the terminology accordingly :-)

>    The **Apache Kafka database integration** wizard opens and shows a list of external data
>    sources or Aiven-managed data services available for integration, if any. If there are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The **Apache Kafka database integration** wizard opens and displays a list of external data
   sources or Aiven-managed data services available for integration. If there are
```

   1. Create tables where your Apache Kafka data will be available in Aiven
      for ClickHouse. Enter **Table name**, **Consumer group name**, **Topics**, **Data
      format**, and **Table columns**. Click **Save table details**.

      :::tip
      You can query the created tables using the following statement:

      ```sql
      SELECT *
      FROM APACHE_KAFKA_RESOURCE_NAME.APACHE_KAFKA_TABLE_NAME
      ```

      :::

   1. Click **Enable integration** > **Close**.

## Create PostgreSQL integrations

:::tip
Learn about [managed databases integrations](/docs/products/clickhouse/concepts/data-integration-overview#managed-databases-integration).
:::

Make PostgreSQL data available in Aiven for ClickHouse using the PostgreSQL engine:

1. Log in to the [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io/), and go to an organization
   and a project.
1. From <ConsoleLabel name="services"/>, select an Aiven for ClickHouse service to integrate
   with a data source.
1. On the service's <ConsoleLabel name="overview"/> page, click
   <ConsoleLabel name="integrations"/> in the sidebar.
1. On the **Integrations** page, go to the **Data sources** section and click
   **PostgreSQL Databases**.

>    The **PostgreSQL database integration** wizard opens and shows a list of external data sources
>    or Aiven-managed data services available for integration, if any. If there are no data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The **PostgreSQL database integration** wizard opens and displays a list of external data sources
   or Aiven-managed data services available for integration. If there are no data
```

      ::::

   1. Click **Enable integration** > **Close**.

## Use managed-credentials integrations

:::tip
Learn about [managed credentials integrations](/docs/products/clickhouse/concepts/data-integration-overview#managed-credentials-integration).
:::

[Set up a managed-credentials integration](/docs/products/clickhouse/howto/data-service-integration#create-managed-credentials-integrations)
and
[create tables](/docs/products/clickhouse/howto/data-service-integration#create-tables)
for the data to be made available through the integration.
[Access your stored credentials](/docs/products/clickhouse/howto/data-service-integration#access-credentials-storage).

### Create managed-credentials integrations

1. Log in to the [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io/), and go to an organization
   and a project.
1. From <ConsoleLabel name="services"/>, select an Aiven for ClickHouse service to integrate
   with a data source.
1. On the service's <ConsoleLabel name="overview"/> page, click
   <ConsoleLabel name="integrations"/> in the sidebar.
1. On the **Integrations** page, go to the **Data sources** section and click
   **ClickHouse Credentials**.

>    The **ClickHouse credentials integration** wizard opens and shows a list of external

Reviewer: same as above
